---
layout: post
title: February 12
date:   2015-02-12 09:29:54
---

John T. Jones was born Feb. 10, 1795. One of the early settlers to move to Walnut Grove, which later became Eureka, Jones established the first school in the community. Jones’ school for girls predated the establishment of the Walnut Grove Seminary in 1848. The school that Jones established was only open for one semester in the fall of 1847. Fifteen girls were enrolled there, and Emily Jones, the wife of John, and her daughter Susan served as the teachers. After a measles epidemic swept the community in December 1847 the school disbanded.

<p>Jonathan Harvey Rowell. Class of 1861, was born on Feb. 10, 1833. Rowell was among Eureka College students who enlisted in Company G of the 17th Illinois Infantry during the Civil War. When Captain Otis Asa Burgess resigned from his post, it was Rowell who was selected to serve as the new captain of the company. After the Civil War, Rowell returned to central Illinois and became a lawyer. He was elected to the U.S. Congress and served from 1883 to 1891, representing the Bloomington-Normal area.</p>

<p>On Feb. 13, 1855, the Illinois state legislature granted a charter establishing Abingdon College. This institution, located in Abingdon, Ill., was another institution like Eureka College that was formed in association with the Christian Church movement. In 1885 Abingdon College would close its doors forever when it merged with Eureka College.</p>

<p>The Rev. Raymond F. McCallister Sr., Class of 1931, died on Feb. 8, 1993. Rev. McCallister served in various pastoral and administrative roles within the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ). During the 1950s, Rev. McCallister hosted “The Protestant Hour,” one of the first syndicated religious programs on U.S. television. In 1983, Eureka College dedicated the newly remodeled upstairs room of the Chapel building as Raymond F. McCallister Hall. Each year the college awards the Raymond F. McCallister Fellowship to an entering student who is considering becoming an ordained minister in the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ).</p>
